GCP: fix config period value when the given value is below the minimum allowed period. (#40020)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Normalize AWS RDS CPU Utilization values before making the metadata API call. {pull}39664[39664]
- Fix behavior of pagetypeinfo metrics {pull}39985[39985]
- Fix query logic for temp and non-temp tablespaces in Oracle module. {issue}38051[38051] {pull}39787[39787]

> - Fix for GCP to update the period value to default value(60s) when user specifies a value below the minimum period value in GCP.

Reviewer: Remove the new line added after the changelog entry please.

```suggestion
- Set GCP metrics config period to the default (60s) when the value is below the minimum allowed period. {pull}40020[40020]
```

Author: Done
